Fail loudly when delayed name removal is enabled on the wrong flag in MQE (#16207)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

  * Important: When upgrading to this release, you must ensure all queriers are running Mimir 3.1 before upgrading to ensure no interruption to service.
* [CHANGE] Query-frontend and querier: multi-node remote execution is now always enabled whenever remote execution is enabled. The `-query-frontend.enable-multiple-node-remote-execution-requests` CLI flag and associated config file option has been removed. #16187
* [CHANGE] Query-frontend and querier: enable subset selector elimination by default. #16195

> * [CHANGE] MQE: fail fast and complain loudly when delayed name removal is enabled on the wrong flag. #16207

Reviewer: I think this makes it a bit easier to understand the implications of this change.

```suggestion
* [CHANGE] MQE: validate that delayed name removal is only set using `-querier.enable-delayed-name-removal` or the per-tenant setting when MQE is in use. #16207
```
